Identity Wallets out of scope (#12)
fedidcg/fedidcg.github.io: charters/Proposed-WG-WebIdentityCredentials.md

browser between the RP and the IdP to facilitate federated
authentication; it is not an authentication method.

> If the mechanisms developed to support authentication and authorization flows look like they will result in breaking changes for existing protocols, work on that mechanism must include a well-documented transition period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the mechanisms developed to support authentication and authorization flows looks like it will result in breaking changes for existing protocols, work on that mechanism must include a well-documented transition period.
```
